# Design for the 21st Century with Don Norman

- **Get excited** as you learn to **design a better world**. Whether you want to help families save money while reducing their carbon footprint, redesign how cities manage waste, or improve public health systems, this course will show you how. You don't need to be a designer. You just need the desire to make things better. Led by world-renowned designer **Don Norman**, you'll learn the powerful tools of **human-centered design**, **systems thinking**, and **design thinking** to tackle real-world challenges like climate change, inequality, public health, and more.

- **Make yourself invaluable** when you build **timeless human-centered design skills** that are essential to **make AI your superpower**, so speed never comes at the cost of people's wellbeing. This course builds on and expands your deeply human skills like empathy, problem framing, and root-cause thinking that guide AI toward better, more responsible outcomes. You'll learn to apply these skills to drive innovation at work, lead meaningful projects, communicate your ideas clearly, and capture people's attention. This course helps you grow your i**mpact, salary potential, and confidence**—and feel deeply **fulfilled**. Did you know that design-driven companies are twice as likely to outperform their industry peers in **revenue growth**? The key is to go beyond traditional approaches and solve the **real problems** behind surface-level symptoms while integrating solutions seamlessly into real people's lives. You'll get the ability to design lasting change and learn how to work effectively with stakeholders to make it happen. You'll also discover how to move up in your company and take on bigger challenges.

- **Gain confidence and credibility** as you apply your new skills from day one with **ready-to-use templates** such as the 5 Whys method. Create an optional case study aligned with the **UN Sustainable Development Goals**. By the end of this course, you'll have the skills and mindset to make a difference, whether that's in your job, your community, or the world. Let's co-create a better future starting now.

Link: https://www.interaction-design.org/courses/design-for-the-21st-century
